12520 :  I open up my heart When I loose my mouth and let confessions pour out I vulnerably commune with You just as I am when I open up my heart  I will lay down my pride I will hold nothing back, no nothing I’ll hide Cause I want to have Your strength instead of mine, so I lay down all my pride  It’s only in weakness can You be strong In honesty is where my praises belong You call me deep and deep I come to worship You  I will undress my soul I’ll show You everything cause I want You to know That I am Yours and Yours alone, so I will undress my soul  With my mouth, with my heart, with my life, and my soul With my love, and my adoration  

12521 :  Let this be not of our hands, but by Your Spirit Let this be not of our hands, but by Your Spirit  Lord we don’t want to move without You No we don’t want to work in vain Lord you know we want to be used by You But we don’t want anything built in our strength  Cause we don’t want to move We don’t want to move without You No, we don’t want to move Don’t want to move without You  Let this be not of our hands, but by Your Spirit Let this be not of our hands, but by Your Spirit Cause we don’t want to move, don’t want to move, without You We don’t want to move, don’t want to move, without You  Lord, You know we don’t want to go before You No we don’t, want to keep running So Lord we pray that we will stay found in You For without You, we cannot do anything  We don’t want to move We don’t want to move Don’t want to move, without You  Not by power, not by strength But through Your Spirit and by Your grace If it’s on our hearts, we’ll be on our face  

12522 :  Everyday is the only day I work and Everything is the only thing I think of But filling up my time just leaves me empty deep inside Help me let me let myself be loved  All I want is wanting more of me and All I make is making it so tough When it’s easier to prove my worth than take You at Your word Help me let me let myself be loved  If all I have I give to You And there’s nothing there to lean onto, then I’m Falling down But what You take, You take away To show me that my life can only be going round, when…  

12523 :  There are so many things we’re wanting Have to have them, cannot leave them up to You What does the future hold? When will we know And if we don’t, well then, what will we do?  We’ve got to give You the chance To prove us wrong To show us what our hearts have longed for all along Despite our selfish inhibitions to belong We’ve got to give You the chance To prove us wrong  There are so many things we’re needing Have to get them, cannot give them up to You What if we do let go? We are not told And never know if we will get them back from You  What if we laugh at what we were so sure of? What if we cry to see the road we almost took? What if we give it up and never get it back, But we get something better than that?  

12524 :  Come and find me Lord Come and find me Lord, I need Your touch tonight I’ve lost my way again  Come and find me Lord Come and find me Lord, I swear that I won’t hide It’s first time in a long time…  You give me comfort You give me love You give me wonder I could not dream up You give me Father, and You’ve given me Your Son Given me Your Spirit, You’ve given me the One that  I can cling to I can hold onto You In these times of doubt and fear I want to burn with hope I want to trust and always know that You are near, You are near to those who cry…  Come and find me Lord Come and find me Lord, I need Your touch tonight I’ve lost my way again  Come and find me Lord Come and find me Lord, I promise I won’t hide But let you in on the inside…  

12525 :  You make my skeletons dance, You make my skeletons dance You can make my skeletons dance, into the light  When I tell what I have done, all the things that I have done I can know that I have done, all of the things that You told me If I say that I am done, with those things that I have done I will wait for You to come, and lift me to my feet...  But when I keep silent, my bones waste away Through my groanings all day And when I shut down, my strength goes away Till I can come openly, then…  When I tell what I have done, all the things that I have done I can know that I have done, all of the things that You told me And if the time should ever come, again I do what I have done I will do what I have done, and lay it at Your feet again…  I know that there’s these times in our lives when, we must make a choice When those times come, I know what I’ll say, I’ll say “I am Yours! I’m all Yours!”     

12526 :  This is where I am And that is where I want to be But I just can’t get there By any strength I possess in me  But You hear the cry of my heart The cry of my heart To please You Lord Thank God that that is enough That is enough And You take me the rest of the way  This is all I have But have I all I need to see Myself truly changed You might have to do that for me, when you…  The caterpillar doesn’t try, to become a butterfly And the flowers don’t make themselves bloom In all the change for which I strive You provide when I abide in You   

12527 :  Do You love me still? Do You want me still? Will You wait till I break my own heart?  How could it be that I have, be that I have lost my love for You? Was something so enticing, so inviting that I turned from You? Feeling this shame, I can hardly speak as I have looked away I’ve taken Your love, but I closed my heart so the only parts that I let through, Are what I need from You  Now I am feeling that I’m, feeling that I’ve lost the only way So worried that I was not, what they’d want that, from You I have strayed And now I see that I’ve traded who I am for lesser things Assuming that love, it would come when I was what they wanted me to be What I could never be…  Do You love me still? Do You want me still? Will You wait till I break my own heart? I know that Your love could lose Just to let me choose So will You wait till I break my own heart?  
